start by saying a lot of credit to
Boston College their coaches their
players played a heck of a game I'll
play this you know they meet us in all
three phases that controlled the line of
scrimmage on both sides of the ball and
the end result was we didn't get it done
it starts with me from coaching and it
goes to everybody in that locker room
right now we need to improve get credit
to Boston College we did not play a very
good football game tonight they didn't
execute the things that were capable of
doing and again that is false orally
directly on my shoulders got to do a
better job I don't think it was for lack
of effort I thought we tried it was to
show you what can happen when you think
you have a great leader practice then
you come out and you don't play great
for whatever reason so I've got to
figure that out it's tough it's hard
very disappointed locker room but I
really believe we'll bounce back we'll
do it in great fashion
we got back to the drawing board for the
further by week which is probably coming
at a good time for us and then we'll get
ready for Oregon State the goal
obviously impact twelve champ pac-12
champs is still very alive for us and we
need to try to get to to an old
conference play see why do you think you
guys had so much trouble with them
they're outside rushes you know I was
going into the game that was one of the
things that was concerning was obviously
the quarterback run at the ball first of
all he's a heck of a player and we do
that for whatever reason we didn't
tackle very good tonight and it had been
tackling really good the first couple
ball games we didn't tackle great
tonight and then it's like anything when
you get momentum and you're running the
ball well that kind of feeds itself and
the quarterback got confident running it
the running backs got confidence running
it and in turn you know we started to
lose that confidence that we were going
to make those plays and inevitably you
know they wore south
I feel like you guys came out oh I
thought we played probably our best
football early in the game our execution
was good for whatever reason we lost it
and that's the part I have to figure out
they hit the one long run and things
started to go the other direction on us
so we've got to figure that out because
it really felt like we were playing
probably our best early in the game you
know Gary so I don't think it was for
lack of motivation again I thought we
had a really good week of practice I
thought our guys were ready to go just
for whatever reason our execution was
not as good as it is capable of and
simple stuff simple things that we've
been doing since day one so we need to
figure that out
why do you think well they did they did
a good job coaching first of all I want
to give them a lot of credit they did a
good job coaching I thought they were
defeating us in one-on-one scenarios and
then we we didn't block some things that
I know were capable of blocking some
plays that again we put in in day one
and we didn't get it done and so we got
to figure out from a practice standpoint
to making sure that we're doing and
giving our guys enough opportunities to
rep our place so that they are confident
in the calls and in the schemes to go
out and execute and then ultimately
confident enough to defeat a man one on
one who's lining up across region but we
got defeated tonight in the majority of
the one-on-one settings
they show you a little more misdirection
I didn't yeah there was there was a
little bit more that but we knew that
was gonna come
you know they've you know they've went
through two games now or he's rushed for
over two hundred yards in those first
two games and they're starting to figure
out what they have you know he's new to
their system into their scheme and
they've gradually shifted gears from
what they were a year ago into the first
couple games of the season and then
tonight we got really a completely
different offense that way you know and
so but we were anticipating it they just
did a good job and they broke tackles at
critical moments we didn't line up right
a couple times and that that doesn't
help when the ball just bounces and gets
to the perimeter and then you know when
we were supposed to have the quarterback
won we either weren't able to tackle him
when he came to the edge or to who
weren't there so we have to we have to
look at who we're assigning the
quarterback to on the QB runs and then
the scheme's and which we're using to to
keep him in you know contained because
too often tonight the ball bounce the
ball gots the perimeter and they were
able to create you know chunks of yours
certainly you said they kind of figure
out what they had tonight do you think
you figured out what you have well no we
didn't play great you know I think we're
I still think we're a very good football
team when we play the way were capable
plane and like I said we didn't do that
tonight but that doesn't have to be the
end-all be-all of the season where were
three games in we're two and one we want
to know on conference play and we've got
to get back on the horse and that's
first one do one more row sorry I got
some players where it's a loss like the
I have changed the way you go into your
bite with practice oh yeah probably a
little bit you know there's there's got
to be some focus on our front line guys
execution and that needs to improve
there's going to be some obviously some
schematic things that we look at because
this isn't going to be the only mobile
quarterback we faced this year so
schematically we're gonna have to look
at some things but also we need to
continue to develop our young players
and that's always a great time to do in
the bye as well